[WHOOSH]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Kristy Robinett with us, a
psychic medium, astrologer,
author of 10 amazing books--
in addition to giving readings
and teaching workshops,
she uses her psychic
ability skills
to assist with, guess what,
police investigations.
That's got to be fascinating.
>>KRISTY ROBINETT: I love it.
Yes.
>>NOORY: How did that happen?
>>ROBINETT: Kind of a
story from my childhood--
I had an attempted kidnapping
when I was eight years old.
>>NOORY: Somebody
tried to kidnap you?
>>ROBINETT: Someone did.
And they believe it
was the Oakland County
killer in Michigan--
>>NOORY: Which I'm
very familiar with--
>>ROBINETT: Which
is still unresolved.
It's still unsolved.
>>NOORY: Unsolved.
>>ROBINETT: And my grandfather
from the other side
came through before the
kidnapper got me to his car
and saved my life.
>>NOORY: Did you see the person?
Do you remember him?
>>ROBINETT: I do, vividly.
>>NOORY: What did he look like?
>>ROBINETT: He was taller.
He was thin.
He had a camera around
his neck, because he asked
if he could take my photograph.
And he did.
And before I knew it,
he was dragging me
towards the exit of the mall.
I have--
>>NOORY: That may have been him.
>>ROBINETT: I
believe it was him.
>>NOORY: That may have been him.
>>ROBINETT: And I do believe
that they know much more
than what they tell the public.
And I'm not so sure
it'll ever be solved.
>>NOORY: When the first
child disappeared,
his name was Mark Stebbins.
>>ROBINETT: Yes.
>>NOORY: And I was producing
a television show at Channel 2
at the time.
And we got a call
for a missing kid.
Now, generally,
television stations
do not report on
missing children.
>>ROBINETT: Right.
>>NOORY: There's
just a flock of kids.
But there was something
very strange about this.
And it hit me psychically
in a very strange way.
>>ROBINETT:
Intuitively, you knew.
>>NOORY: I led with that story.
My news director, Kristy,
called me up that next night
screaming at me.
How could you lead
with a missing?
I said, Dick, this is
going to be a huge story.
My gut tells me there's
something very wrong here.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And then a couple days
later, they found his body.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
And then there were more.
>>NOORY: Then there were more.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
So I started kind of programming
myself, my intuitive side,
to look at unsolved crimes.
And I didn't know that I was
training myself reading books.
And as I got older and
I accepted the fact
that I had a gift, which
I think we all do--
>>NOORY: Sure.
But you were able to magnify it.
>>ROBINETT: I was.
Yeah.
And I ended up working
with law enforcement,
and I still do on
a voluntary basis.
It's almost like I
feel like I'm supposed
to give back from being
saved from the other side.
>>NOORY: What was your first
law enforcement case that you
worked with them about?
>>ROBINETT: It was a
young girl that had
gone missing in Columbus, Ohio.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>ROBINETT: And she
had a little bit
of a-- she was actually from
Michigan, which I didn't know.
She came to me in spirit.
And she said, you need
to help find my body.
And so I wrote down
everything that I knew.
And normally, I don't
go to law enforcement.
But she was super persistent.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ROBINETT: And so I
contacted Crime Stoppers.
And I said, I have information.
>>NOORY: Do they look at
you as a possible suspect
in the beginning?
>>ROBINETT: Columbus police did.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ROBINETT: They
actually almost put me
in the back of the cop car,
because I drew out a map
and I had never
been to Columbus.
And they were like, this
is way too detailed.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
So that was scary, which is one
reason why I'm really cautious
now.
And I have references
with police.
>>NOORY: I don't believe you.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
That's all I needed is to be
up on the stand as the suspect.
But we went to a park, and
I put a stick in the ground.
And I said, she says
she's buried here.
And then they didn't dig.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>ROBINETT: They said we
have to get more evidence.
And we have to get more info.
>>NOORY: They didn't
believe you, did they?
>>ROBINETT: They did
believe me, ironically.
I was actually really grateful
that they did believe me.
>>NOORY: They should have
had a shovel right there.
>>ROBINETT: Right then.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ROBINETT: And it was
about a year later.
They dug right where
the stick was still at.
>>NOORY: Where you
told them to go.
>>ROBINETT: And she
was right there.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Did they ever
find her murderer?
>>ROBINETT: Yes.
He is serving I think three life
sentences, because in between,
he killed more people.
>>NOORY: Unbelievable.
>>ROBINETT: It was super--
and that's why I was so
irritated, because we
could have stopped him
before that happened.
And it doesn't work
like television.
It doesn't work like the
shows like "60 Minutes."
It doesn't work so fast.
It works in years
and not in minutes.
>>NOORY: The communication
with the other side,
do they come to you?
Or do you go to them?
>>ROBINETT: I will
never conjure them.
So I sort of open
the doorway and say,
who wants to
communicate with me?
Sometimes, they find me, kind
of like the Kmart blue light
special.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>ROBINETT: I kind of think
that I have that light.
And they're like, oh,
we're going to talk to her.
She can see me.
But most of the time,
I'm like, if anybody
would like to communicate
with me, come forward.
I'll never pull
somebody through that
doesn't want to come through.
>>NOORY: Like Whoopi
Goldberg in "Ghost."
>>ROBINETT: I won't do that.
>>NOORY: Do they
jump inside you?
And do you channel
them that way?
>>ROBINETT: I have had that
happen, and I don't like it.
I'm too type-A. I'm
too controlling.
I don't want that
experience at all.
But I'll smell what they smell,
and I'll feel what they felt.
And I'll see what they saw.
And actually, in the
police investigations,
that was really hard,
because I would see.
I would feel how they
were being murdered.
>>NOORY: Oh my gosh.
>>ROBINETT: I would see
what they were seeing.
>>NOORY: Do you feel the pain?
>>ROBINETT: I do.
Yeah, it's horrifying.
>>NOORY: And if they sadly
got stabbed, do you feel that?
>>ROBINETT: I will feel it.
I will feel all of it.
Thankfully, there's not
a lasting part to that.
But I will feel the gunshot.
I will feel being choked.
I will feel the drowning.
>>NOORY: Do the
spirits bother you,
to the point where
you can't sleep?
>>ROBINETT: Yes.
I think they just want
their stories to be told.
They want to be heard, like
we all want to be heard.
>>NOORY: There's
something missing
in what happened to them.
And they have to get the
word out, don't they?
>>ROBINETT: Sometimes,
it's unfinished business.
And sometimes, they
just like to talk.
>>NOORY: Have you ever had
to tell them, leave me alone?
>>ROBINETT: Often.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>NOORY: Are they offended?
>>ROBINETT: Sometimes, yes.
>>NOORY: And do they
come back and get you?
>>ROBINETT: Thankfully,
I'm still whole, right?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>ROBINETT: So no.
I think that if you
have an aunt that's
on the other side
that loved to gossip
and loved to talk about
nothing and everything,
our personalities from
here to there don't change.
So if we have somebody that was
quiet here, on the other side,
they're typically quiet.
They're typically
their personalities.
That's their soul and spirit.
But if you've got somebody
who is annoying here,
they're going to be annoying
over there, as well,
because that's who they are.
>>NOORY: What do they want?
Closure?
>>ROBINETT: Closure, their
story told, sometimes
their legacy to continue.
Sometimes, they're upset
their picture's not
left, up on the table or that
you're not telling the story
right or you're not
telling the story
or you're telling the
story completely wrong.
So sometimes, they just
want, again, to be heard.
>>NOORY: Is there a difference
between being a psychic
and being a medium?
>>ROBINETT: There is.
So psychics are those that touch
into the energy of the past,
the present, and the future.
And a medium is
somebody who talks
to those on the
other side or those
that haven't crossed over.
>>NOORY: Kristy, what
are some of the ways
that those on the other side
try to communicate with us?
>>ROBINETT: They will
send us dreams or visits
that are super vivid.
And we're able to sort of have
that interaction with them.
They'll send us coins.
I don't know why they
never send us $100 bills.
But typically, it's coins.
They'll send us
feathers or animals.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ROBINETT: Yeah, because
we're such a sensory human
that we like things that smell
and we see and we can hear.
So we'll have the scent
of cigarette smoke
when nobody around
us is smoking.
>>NOORY: Are they persistent
when they do this?
>>ROBINETT: Often,
they're persistent.
And a lot of times,
it's not like a 911.
It's not as if they
have an urgent message.
It's typically
that they just want
you to know that they're
around and that they're OK.
>>NOORY: Psychic
medium James Van Praagh
on his Gaia series "Spirit Talk"
talked a little bit about this.
>> How many of you have had
signs from a spirit that we
know they're around?
Yes.
And what kind of
signs did you have?
>> Electrical.
So any-- exactly.
Electrical.
How many have had electrical
things happen around the house?
Lights flickering on and off and
this sort of thing, computers,
cell phones acting
very strange, right?
A lot of times, a
spirit will come
through where they can
affect the magnetic field
of electrical objects.
And for some spirits,
that's an easy way
to come through for them.
How many people have had
dreams of your loved ones?
Mostly all of you.
Mostly all of you,
too, probably.
Dreams are the number-one
way that spirits communicate.
It's the number-one way
they're able to communicate.
And the reason why, you might
ask-- and I'll tell you.
Because I'm psychic,
I know you're
going to ask me that question--
is that in the dream state,
when we go to sleep at night,
our spirit body, which is a
replica of the physical body,
is lying within
the physical body.
And at nighttime, we go to
sleep in the dream state, where
spirit leaves the physical body
and goes out of the head area
and goes over to the
spiritual dimensions.
Strange, isn't it?
So sometimes, you're just
about to fall asleep.
And you feel you're shaking.
And that's because
your spirit is not
leaving the correct
axis of the body,
so it comes right back in.
Isn't that wild?
I bet you didn't think of that.
So what happens is
when we leave and we
go to the spiritual side
of life at dream state,
we go to the spiritual world.
We go to those dimensions.
And you see your friends
and your loved ones
and your guides
and your teachers.
And you will actually
connect with them.
And as you know, sometimes,
it feels like, wow, this
is more than a dream, right?
It feels very, very real.
You've had that
experience, right?
It's just like, oh my gosh.
And I want to stay here.
I don't want to go
back to Earth, right?
So I know that when we
wake up in the morning,
it's like, wow, that
was more than a dream.
And the way the conscious
mind receives it,
it does seem like a
dream, but then some.
And the conscious mind
can't get in the way.
The rational mindset
doesn't get in the way.
So it's easier for us to
see it as a connection.
I call them "cross-overs"
to this side of life.
>>GEORGE NOORY: Kristy,
he makes a lot of sense.
>>ROBINETT: He does.
Yeah, he's been in the business,
if you will, for a long time.
Yeah, and he has a
wealth of knowledge.
>>NOORY: And the other
side, what exactly is it?
>>ROBINETT: The
other side, I was--
>>NOORY: What is there?
>>ROBINETT: I was raised
in a religious household.
So I was raised that
you go to heaven,
and it's pretty much
you sing in the choir.
And there are angels there.
And you're playing
any instrument.
>>NOORY: And they're
on clouds with harps.
>>ROBINETT: They're on clouds.
Exactly
>>NOORY: Ha.
>>ROBINETT: And that's not
at all how I've ever seen it.
And I've been seeing
them since I was three.
No.
So our heaven is the
things that bring us joy.
It is what we make of what
we want our heaven to be.
>>NOORY: What is our hell?
>>ROBINETT: Our hell is just
the same, what we make it to be.
So if we're really
hard on ourselves here,
we sabotage
ourselves here, we're
living in our own personal hell.
And if you don't
learn how to find joy
or you learn things
that you love here,
you're going to
do the same thing
when your physical body ends.
>>NOORY: Do you enjoy
tapping into the other side?
>>ROBINETT: I love to.
It is so exhilarating.
It's amazing to talk to
those on the other side
and to get their stories
and to get their experiences
and to learn what
their heaven is like.
>>NOORY: How do you know you're
having a heavenly visit, as
opposed to a dream?
>>ROBINETT: They
are very detailed.
They are very real.
You will, 15 years later,
still be able to conjure up
every sense of that visit.
>>NOORY: Of a heavenly visit?
>>ROBINETT: Of a heavenly
visit, rather than just a dream.
A lot of times, dreams also
have a negative context with it.
>>NOORY: Sometimes.
>>ROBINETT: Someone's like, you
should have done this for me
while I was living.
You should have done that.
And that is not a visit.
A visit will bring you peace.
It'll bring you joy.
It'll bring you happiness.
>>NOORY: Why are some souls or
some spirits disenfranchised?
They're just not happy.
>>ROBINETT: Personality--
so not everybody
has the ability to tune in to
their own personal happiness.
Their expectations are off.
And that's kind of like a
million-dollar question, right?
Why isn't anybody happy?
And circumstances--
you kind of have
to make what you make of it.
Life is not easy.
>>NOORY: And make it happen.
>>ROBINETT: You have
to make it happen.
Law of attraction is a thing.
Law of attraction is a
thing on the other side.
But you also have
to take action.
And a lot of people
miss that part.
And so you have to do for
yourself, without waiting
for somebody to do for you.
>>NOORY: Kristy, kind of take
us through the process of death.
What happens to the
person the minute
they have died with
their physical body?
>>ROBINETT: So what happens
is they're met, typically,
by their loved ones on the
other side, their guardian
angel that's followed
them through birth.
>>NOORY: Are they at the
bedside of where they
are when they die, let's say?
>>ROBINETT: They kind of
have to make the journey
to the other side.
>>NOORY: OK.
>>ROBINETT: And through
that journey, we
see it replicated a lot of
times and seeing the things that
happened in their past,
the things that went right,
the things that went wrong.
Some people will
call it "purgatory"
because those things
are really hard to see.
It's sort of like
my life flashed
before my eyes type of a thing.
And it can be hard.
And that's why some people
won't make the entire journey
to heaven, because
they get stuck,
worried that maybe they didn't
live their most authentic life.
>>NOORY: Where do
they get stuck in?
>>ROBINETT: I call
it the "in-between."
>>NOORY: Purgatory?
>>ROBINETT: Sort of kind of.
>>NOORY: Limbo?
>>ROBINETT: Some people
think we're in purgatory now.
>>NOORY: You never know.
We could be in hell now.
>>ROBINETT: Exactly.
So it is something like that.
A lot of times,
we refer to ghosts
as being in the in-between
or being in purgatory.
They're still looking for
business to be finished
and healing to be had.
>>NOORY: Roberta
Grimes, of course,
is an expert on the other side.
I had a chance to interview her.
>> So let's talk about how
this is all constructed.
The only thing that
exists is consciousness.
Consciousness exists in
a range of vibrations,
from the lowest, which is fear,
to the highest, which is love.
And in the afterlife,
all of it exists--
and actually here, too,
although we believe that there's
a lot more space than there is.
But in the afterlife, it all
exists in the same place.
So what happens when you
die is really simple.
Your mind is right
now tuned to that body
on this level of reality.
And that's why you think you're
in that body, but you aren't.
You're not even close to it.
>> Huh.
>> So what happens when
you die is that your mind,
like a TV set, just tunes to
a slightly higher vibration
of consciousness.
>> Doesn't shut off.
>> No.
It's impossible for
your mind to die.
Your mind is part of eternity.
There is no time, and
there is no space.
So if you exist now,
you always existed.
And you always will exist.
Time is meaningless
to something that's
eternal, which your mind is.
So anyway, you tune to this
slightly higher vibration.
And there, you pick up a
whole new solid reality,
right in the same place.
>>NOORY: Do you agree with that?
>>ROBINETT: I do.
Yeah.
And we all are
vibrational creatures.
And that goes with the
negative mindset of people.
They're tuning into that
frequency of low vibration.
>>NOORY: The other
side, is it God-given?
I'm putting you on the spot.
>>ROBINETT: Yes, you are.
I believe that we all
have God within us.
We have God light within us.
And I think we all have--
whether it's satanic or the
devil or negative energy--
within us.
And it is the
choice that we make.
>>NOORY: I used to
interview-- still do--
Mary Ann Winkowski,
who's a psychic medium.
And she had this gift
since she was a child.
And people would invite
her to go to funeral homes
to see if the dead was
there watching their body.
And she would see people.
>>ROBINETT: I have been invited.
Yes.
>>NOORY: She would
tell amazing stories.
She would see the dead person by
the casket, by the open casket.
>>ROBINETT: Yes.
>>NOORY: And then she would
relay the story to the family.
>>ROBINETT: I have
done the same thing.
>>NOORY: That happens?
>>ROBINETT: In fact, I had one
that the mom was so irritated.
She was Catholic.
And she was so irritated that
they had painted her nails red
and she had red lipstick on.
She was horrified,
because that was
such a hussy type of a color.
And she immediately told me, you
need to get this red lipstick
off of me and these red nails.
And the funeral
director went, got it.
I'm on it.
>>NOORY: And they changed it?
>>ROBINETT: They certainly
did, no questions asked.
>>NOORY: And she was happy?
>>ROBINETT: She was so happy.
>>NOORY: What creates a
haunting, a spirit haunting?
>>ROBINETT: Someone
who hasn't crossed over
to the other side, somebody
who hasn't engaged themselves
to be convinced
that they are dead,
that their physical
life is finished.
And sometimes, it's
unfinished business,
as well, such as
a tragic passing,
that they think that they're
still going to have life.
And they don't realize that
there's life after death.
>>NOORY: That's an
interesting concept.
>>ROBINETT: It's sad,
though, if you think of it,
because if we think that
this is our only life,
we have life after life.
>>NOORY: Afterlife.
>>ROBINETT: Afterlife.
Exactly.
>>NOORY: You believe in
reincarnation then, obviously.
>>ROBINETT: I do.
I believe that we have
free will and free choice.
It's not like a karmic
type of a punishment,
where everybody that has an
old soul or everybody that's
been reincarnated had been
serial killers in a past life
and so are walking around--
>>NOORY: Let's hope not--
>>ROBINETT: Right.
Exactly, that we're walking
around trying to make amends.
I believe that we still have
things, soul people that we're
supposed to connect with and
soul journeys that we're still
supposed to be traveling.
>>NOORY: What keeps a soul
from not crossing over, though,
Kristy?
>>ROBINETT: I think,
honestly, it's fear.
>>NOORY: In their part?
>>ROBINETT: On their part.
Sometimes, though,
it's also the family.
>>NOORY: Don't they have help?
>>ROBINETT: They have
helpers on the other side.
I had one instance where
I had a daughter who was
at the bedside of her father.
And a stepmother was at
the bedside of her father.
And the daughter
was saying, dad, go.
You go.
You go enjoy your
beautiful afterlife.
And the stepmom was
saying, don't leave me.
How dare you.
And he didn't go.
He felt guilty.
>>NOORY: Do you help
souls cross over?
>>ROBINETT: I do, but
it's also free will.
I don't force them.
I don't push them
off the diving board.
I try to reassure them, and I
bring through their loved ones
on the other side to help sort
of walk them to the other side.
So they know that
it's not a trap.
>>NOORY: Are you able to
do that and help them?
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
It's beautiful when it happens.
>>NOORY: How do you know
that it is successful?
>>ROBINETT: There's something
about the environment that
feels peaceful.
There's something--
>>NOORY: Do they thank you?
>>ROBINETT: They do.
They have come
back and thanked me
after they've made their
journey and they've
done all of their boot
camp on the other side.
>>NOORY: Is it traumatic
for people who die?
And I'm not talking about the
episode that got them there,
like a car accident
or something.
But is the effect of the
death traumatic on them?
>>ROBINETT: Typically not.
Typically, it's one of the most
peaceful, loving experiences.
And we can take that by
looking at hospice nurses that
experience this
day in and day out.
And they sense or they see
the soul go to the other side.
And they call for
their loved ones
that they're seeing
on the other side.
And I think it's a
really beautiful reunion.
>>NOORY: I've had people
call my radio show, "Coast
to Coast AM," with stories of
their near-death experiences.
And they don't
want to come back.
>>ROBINETT: Right.
It's beautiful.
>>NOORY: They're
forced to come back.
Now, they're glad
they came back.
But while that
process is going on,
they don't want
to come back here.
How come?
>>ROBINETT: You're
just enveloped
in love, that love frequency,
that love vibration, which
is more amazing than
you can ever feel here.
It's the highest
vibration there is.
>>NOORY: You have
talked about diseases,
like Alzheimer's
or dementia, that
have an effect on the
living and the dead.
Tell me about that.
>>ROBINETT: So often, those that
have a neurological disorder
are in a coma, have the
Alzheimer's, dementia,
Parkinson's that
are at an end-stage,
they are between worlds.
So I often will see them.
Even if their physical
bodies are still here,
I'll see their spiritual
bodies on the other side.
And sometimes, that's why
they don't cross over.
They don't pass.
Their physical bodies don't end,
because they don't recognize
that they aren't gone.
They think that they're
getting the best of both worlds
with being in the both worlds.
And it's amazing if
you look at those
that have Alzheimer's or are
just at their passing state,
that they will communicate very
fluently with their loved ones
on the other side, as if
they're having conversations.
And a lot of times,
they think that it's
the Alzheimer's or the
dementia that's causing that.
And it's not.
They're truly there.
Their loved ones are trying
to help them cross over.
>>NOORY: What about people
who don't have illnesses?
Do they have these
similar traits
as these people who
did have the illness?
>>ROBINETT: Typically not.
But when they go
to the other side,
as soon as their
brain shuts off,
immediately, they are
connected to the other side.
>>NOORY: Heaven.
>>ROBINETT: Heaven.
>>NOORY: What is it?
>>ROBINETT: It is
what we make of it.
It is that vibration that
we've put out into this world
that we take to the other side.
And we build our heaven.
So it's not necessarily
physical in nature,
but it utilizes all
of our earthly senses.
So if we've always wanted
to live in a busy New York
setting, that's what
our heaven will be.
If we've always wanted
to live on a dairy farm,
then we've got farms with cows.
And it's with the people that
we want to spend time with.
We're not going to be stuck with
relatives that we don't care
or ex-husbands or ex-wives
that we don't really
want to spend time with.
It is the heaven that we create.
>>NOORY: Is there a god?
>>ROBINETT: I
believe that there's
a higher power that helps us.
>>NOORY: You hesitated
a little bit.
>>ROBINETT: I did, because
I do believe that we all
have God light within us.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ROBINETT: And I don't see
it like the religious factors
of a god that's
sitting on a throne
with a scepter that's
ruling or judging us.
I don't see it in that way.
>>NOORY: Why do they teach
us that way when we're kids?
>>ROBINETT: I think it's
to just keep us in line.
It's the this is bad
and this is good.
And if we know that
there's a dictator that's
going to go into the form
of punishment if we do bad,
then it aligns us to keep doing
good, the authoritative figure.
>>NOORY: Have you
convinced yourself
that there is some kind of
intelligent design to all
of this?
>>ROBINETT: I think
we all have free will.
I don't believe that we have
a book of life that's written
beginning, middle, and end.
So when we talk about even
like the Akashic records
and the libraries that
have every physical part
of our life written in it,
I think that everything
can be rewritten.
So I don't think that we're
in this big matrix of a world
where we are stuck in alignment
with what a higher power wants
us to do.
We have free will.
>>NOORY: What if we're all
wrong about this, Kristy?
What if it's totally different
from what you believe
and what I believe?
>>ROBINETT: Then I'm going to
be in for an awakening, right?
I don't want to
say I'm not wrong,
but I know what
I've seen and I know
what they've said to me from
the other side coming through.
And it didn't align
with what I was raised,
which is where I feel like
that was a good guide, as well,
because if it was just aligned
with everything that I had been
raised with, then I'd
be like, oh, well,
that was programming
from the past.
But it's different.
And it shifts and it changes,
and I learn with every spirit
that I talk to on
the other side.
And we also have
so much consistency
with people who have had
near-death experiences that
has been so similar in
nature with their stories
that I don't think
that we're wrong.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
thought about the possibility
of what happens when you
go, knowing what you know?
>>ROBINETT: I don't fear death.
>>NOORY: You do not?
>>ROBINETT: I don't.
I don't fear--
>>NOORY: You don't
want to check out?
>>ROBINETT: I don't.
I want to still be here
for my family, for sure.
>>NOORY: And enjoy it.
>>ROBINETT: Absolutely.
But I don't fear what's
on the other side.
In fact, I said, I know
I've been reincarnated.
And I don't want
to do that again.
I'm like, I have completely
ended my reincarnation.
>>NOORY: You've
reached your level.
>>ROBINETT: I hope so.
I really do.
I would like to just sit by a
pool in heaven with my family
and be like, we're
on vacation forever.
But it is--
>>NOORY: And watch
"Beyond Belief" up there.
>>ROBINETT: Yes, absolutely.
Absolutely.
And guide whoever
needs to be guided--
I'll do that.
But I don't really want to
go through this earthly life
again.
>>NOORY: Why not?
>>ROBINETT: I'm an empath, so
I feel the pain of the spirits.
But I also feel the pain of
human beings and the energy
that the world has.
And sometimes,
it's overwhelming.
And sometimes, it-- and
even being a medium,
talking to the other side
chips away at my soul
every once in a while.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>ROBINETT: And I feel
like I leave pieces there
when I come back to be
centered and whole here.
And I just don't want
to do that anymore.
>>NOORY: If you could
perfect yourself,
what would you change
about what you do?
>>ROBINETT: I don't
think I would.
I think it's--
>>NOORY: You'd keep
everything the same?
>>ROBINETT: I think I would.
Well, I would have liked--
and this isn't with myself.
I would have liked to have
somebody to communicate with,
to talk to, about the
gift when I was younger,
somebody more supportive.
But then I go, well,
maybe I wouldn't
have done the research.
And maybe I wouldn't
have dug so much.
>>NOORY: Did you keep it quiet?
>>ROBINETT: I did.
>>NOORY: You did, kept
it within yourself?
>>ROBINETT: Except for
the attempted kidnapping.
I did go to my parents.
And I told them, grandpa
saved me from the other side.
But before then, they made
fun of the imaginary friends
that I had, the imaginary
kids that visited with me.
And it was a very
humiliating process,
like kind of being
made fun of by a comic
and being in the front
row in the audience.
It was exhausting,
day in and day out.
And I would have liked to
have had a mentor, which
I think shows like
this are amazing,
because people don't have
that as a gift to them.
And I think that you
offer them speakers
who resonate with them, who
are like, oh, I'm not crazy.
I have had those
experiences, too.
>>NOORY: Will you come back
once you go to the other side
through another medium?
>>ROBINETT: I hope that
I'll be able to still visit
my great-grandchildren and
my great-great-grandchildren.
>>NOORY: In some way.
>>ROBINETT: In some way.
Whether it's through
a medium or not--
I think we all have
mediumistic abilities.
I think sometimes, we get
advice from a complete stranger.
And we don't recognize
that that's actually
a medium, not in profession
but in information
that's reaching us.
>>NOORY: You also have worked
with animals on the other side.
Tell me about that.
>>ROBINETT: I have.
So I was raised, again, that
animals don't have souls.
Therefore, they don't
go to the other side.
>>NOORY: They do have souls.
You know that.
>>ROBINETT: They do.
And I saw them, and I've always
seen them on the other side
because that's
part of our heaven.
That's the thing
that brings us joy.
So most of the time,
the animals bring
us more joy than human
beings bring us joy.
And so I've always
seen our loved ones
on the other side with animals,
even if it's not their animal.
>>NOORY: What kind of animals?
All kinds?
Dogs?
Cats?
>>ROBINETT: All kinds.
I even had somebody who
brought a tarantula through one
time because that was their pet.
Yeah, goats, roosters.
>>NOORY: Nah.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah, I don't want
to-- that's not-- my heaven
isn't spiders at all.
>>NOORY: You have a spider
on your shoulder right now.
>>ROBINETT: No, I do not.
>>NOORY: No, I'm kidding.
>>ROBINETT: But yeah, so
everything from goats to dogs
to rabbits to cats and
everything in between,
anything that brings us joy.
And our pets go
to the other side.
And they stay with our
loved ones on the other side
until we're there.
And we can reunite
with our animal.
>>NOORY: I've had people
call me who have had,
let's say, a cat pass on.
And they're in bed, and
they see the little paw
prints walking in the bed,
as if the cat never left.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: What's happening?
>>ROBINETT: Animals
and children,
especially babies
under three, they
have such an amazing ability
to connect to heaven.
They walk around
in an alpha state,
which we don't as
humans because we're so
inundated with electronics and
just real-world life stuff.
And so animals don't know that
they're not supposed to visit.
They don't know that
they're not supposed
to go to the other side.
They don't know that.
There's such an
innocence about them.
So they bring us signs.
They follow the routine--
sorry.
They follow the routine
of what they were used to.
So you might hear
their collar jingle.
Or you might find
a toy from them
that you know that you
threw away or you put away.
>>NOORY: Why is it that
if somebody, let's say,
loved owls in their human
life and they die and then
the family sees an owl in
the window or something?
What's that?
>>ROBINETT: You recognize it.
So it's recognizable as a sign.
So if they hated cats
and all of a sudden,
cats were coming through, you
wouldn't put that together.
You would find somebody on the
other side that had liked cats,
that have that connection.
But we have totem
guides and totem animals
that also follow us
through a lifetime that
have spiritual messages.
And it's such a realistic,
common-sense message often,
that clarity is often
right in front of us.
And we're so oblivious.
>>NOORY: Do animals
come to you psychically?
>>ROBINETT: They do.
>>NOORY: What do they want?
>>ROBINETT: Often, they
come with our loved ones
on the other side,
our human loved ones.
I don't know if it's
just because they
want to show that they're
being taken care of
and they're not alone.
The rainbow bridge states
that they sort of wait
in the in-between
until we get there,
and they walk to the
other side with us.
I actually have never
seen it that way.
I've seen that they're enjoying
their heaven before we're
in our heaven.
>>NOORY: The unfortunate
part of a pet
is they don't have the life
span that we have as humans.
I've had dogs that live
13, 14, 15 years old.
Can you reach any of them?
I've had a few that
have passed on.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah,
you've got three of them
around you, actually, not that
all of them weren't special.
But there are three
that surround you.
One is sort of a smaller,
lighter-colored dog that's
with you.
And there's also almost like
a Lab-ish, golden retriever
type that's there, as well.
The other one says
that it's just a mutt.
And that one looks like
from your childhood.
They go way back, almost like
it's connected to your mom,
as well.
>>NOORY: That could be even
before I remember the thing.
>>ROBINETT: It could be.
But typically, you would even
have a picture with that pet,
that there is a connection--
>>NOORY: She might have that--
>>ROBINETT: To that part.
But it's that small,
little light-colored one
that is around you a lot.
>>NOORY: Well, that
must have been one that
was with me when I was a child.
>>ROBINETT: OK.
>>NOORY: Because
in my later life--
>>ROBINETT: You
had larger dogs--
>>NOORY: I had
retrievers and Labradors.
And that other one that
has that Lab retriever look
is so loyal to you.
It's so well-behaved, too.
They were great with my kids.
>>ROBINETT: That's amazing.
That little tiny-- and it might
be more connected to your mom,
as well, because
they keep referencing
that it's like her mom
that's taking care of her.
>>NOORY: They had a
dog, a little Schnauzer
called Giselle.
>>ROBINETT: OK.
>>NOORY: Which they loved.
And Giselle was around
when I was a kid.
But it was their dog.
I never thought of it as my pet.
It's weird.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: I always thought
of it as it was their dog.
>>ROBINETT: It's a little
high-maintenance, this dog.
So it's like, I've
got to be groomed.
>>NOORY: They had its ears
cropped and everything else.
>>ROBINETT: Exactly.
So for some reason, that
comes to you, as well.
>>NOORY: They love that dog.
>>ROBINETT: And it's probably
because you love your family.
And you're open to the
experiences of having
those visits, as well.
And that's why they sort
of visit with you, too.
>>NOORY: I never saw my father
into pets, except this dog.
>>ROBINETT: Interesting.
>>NOORY: As a matter
of fact, once,
I had a smaller dog
when I was a little boy.
And I would constantly
pick up the dog.
And he kept telling
me, stop doing that.
Leave it alone.
And I never understood why.
I was four or five years old.
And he said, George, if you
pick him up one more time,
I'm going to take him
back to the pet store.
And now, my dad
was a loving guy.
>>ROBINETT: Right.
>>NOORY: But I did, and
he took the dog back.
>>ROBINETT: He did not.
>>NOORY: For some reason,
he could not handle
me carrying this dog 24/7.
He wanted me to
put the thing down.
And so he took it back.
>>ROBINETT: He
meant business then.
>>NOORY: He said,
you're not ready yet.
>>ROBINETT: He meant business.
>>NOORY: And he did.
But then later on, they
got this Schnauzer.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
It's interesting because
it's your grandmother that's
there, as well.
So it's mom's mom.
>>NOORY: My mother's mother--
>>ROBINETT: Who is sassy.
She's kind of got a
feisty personality.
>>NOORY: I didn't know her
that well, but she died.
She had diabetes.
But she lived in
Fitchburg, Massachusetts.
>>ROBINETT: And dad's been
gone a long time, though.
>>NOORY: Mine?
>>ROBINETT: Your father.
>>NOORY: Six years.
>>ROBINETT: I was
going to say five.
>>NOORY: Something like that.
>>ROBINETT: So he's doing well.
He's not ready for mom yet.
>>NOORY: But he had a good run.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
>>NOORY: He went to 88.
That's pretty good.
>>ROBINETT: That's a good run.
>>NOORY: Yeah.
>>ROBINETT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Whenever you
can get in your 80s,
I think you've done a good job.
>>ROBINETT: I agree.
>>NOORY: If you go past
the national average, which
is 78.6, that's pretty good.
>>ROBINETT: I agree.
And you live your best life.
And I think that
your family did.
>>NOORY: Why does the Bible
say animals do not have souls?
>>ROBINETT: Well,
and that's just it.
And I know that there are Bible
verses that sort of reference
this, too.
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>ROBINETT: But it's all
human interpretation.
And that's what
always sort of gets
me stumbling with regards
to it, because who's to say?
I've met people,
human beings, who
I believe don't have a soul.
They're soulless.
>>NOORY: How can
you be soulless?
>>ROBINETT: I think if you've
ever sat in front of somebody
who has taken somebody's life
and has no conscience to do
it--
>>NOORY: Is that pure evil?
>>ROBINETT: It's pure evil.
>>NOORY: Without a soul?
>>ROBINETT: Without a soul.
>>NOORY: Not even
a darkened soul?
>>ROBINETT: No, I have seen
them where I don't even
believe that there is no soul.
It is like a pit.
>>NOORY: I have
never heard of that.
>>ROBINETT: It's frightening.
>>NOORY: Weird.
It's extremely frightening.
>>NOORY: Were they
born without a soul?
What happened?
>>ROBINETT: I don't know.
I'm not sure.
>>NOORY: Surely, as a
kid, they were fine.
Then something happened.
>>ROBINETT: I don't know.
Honestly, I don't think that
they were fine as a child.
I don't think that
they just turned evil.
I think that there
was a darkness always.
>>NOORY: Huh.
>>ROBINETT: Always, which
is really quite frightening.
>>NOORY: Can you be born
physically without a soul?
>>ROBINETT: I think so.
I think that it's sort of
a test to human nature.
We all have that
light within us.
Will we let somebody darken it?
And I think that
they may be products
of trying to darken that
and take our own light away.
>>NOORY: Well, when a soulless
person dies, what happens?
>>ROBINETT: They go nowhere.
>>NOORY: It's done?
>>ROBINETT: It is.
>>NOORY: It's over?
Yeah, I've worked a lot
of criminal investigations
and have seen some
pretty horrific people.
>>NOORY: Heartless?
>>ROBINETT: Soulless.
And never really wanting to
dial into that type of energy--
it's something that I
would prefer not to.
>>NOORY: Do you see
souls in humans?
Do you see an aura around
me or anything like that?
>>ROBINETT: I do see auras.
I always say that I'm not an
aura reader, but I do believe
and I see and I sense the
energy emitting from people.
Our energy introduces
ourselves to other people,
sometimes even before
we enter the room.
So we've all had the
experiences where we were like,
don't like this person.
I feel icky about
going to this event.
This is going to be a
terrible idea or the opposite.
I feel really good
about this person.
I don't know them, but I
have a really good intuition.
You're vibrating with that aura.
You're vibrating with
that person's energy.
>>NOORY: What does a
soulless person look like?
>>ROBINETT: A human being.
>>NOORY: They do?
>>ROBINETT: It's not like a
demonic creature of an entity.
That sounds so from
"Supernatural" or something
like that.
It is a human being that just
has absolutely no conscience.
>>NOORY: At all?
>>ROBINETT: At all.
>>NOORY: That's kind of
pathetic for them, isn't it?
>>ROBINETT: Which is
also scary, since we
have such a sad mental health
society now without any help,
not that that would be
able to give them a soul.
But they're all mixed in that
same place at the same time--
so those that are just going
through tragic incidences that
need assistance and those
that are just pure evil.
>>NOORY: There are some animals
that are evil, let's say.
Let's face it.
>>ROBINETT: Sure.
>>NOORY: There are evil,
mean-spirited animals.
>>ROBINETT: There are.
>>NOORY: What happens
to their souls?
>>ROBINETT: I believe that
they also get the chance
to sort of reincarnate.
They also have that free
will to reincarnate,
to be something better.
Oftentimes, though, the
animal that is negative
is spun from a
negative human being
that's mistreating that animal.
>>NOORY: They're trained
from a negative person?
>>ROBINETT: Correct.
>>NOORY: And so they
become negative, too?
>>ROBINETT: Often.
Not always, but often.
And sometimes, it's genetics.
And sometimes, it's
over-breeding or what have you.
>>NOORY: Do you help animals
that have crossed over?
>>ROBINETT: I do.
A lot of times, they
don't need help, though.
They need less help
than the humans.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ROBINETT: Pretty much.
I'd say 90% of the animals,
they just live their best life.
Who wouldn't want to just nap
and eat and drink water and lay
on the couch all day long?
>>NOORY: Interesting.
Since you've been
doing this, what
has been the most rewarding
thing for you, Kristy?
>>ROBINETT: Bringing
healing to people
who didn't believe that
they'd ever find healing.
Even if it's a
police investigation,
bringing closure to
finding the body,
bringing the spirit closure,
bringing them closure.
I don't know if there's
ever really technically
closure in grief, but at least
getting steps towards that.
And I feel so blessed
to be able to bring
that love through to people and
to bring the other side to be
that telephone operator from
this side to the other side.
>>NOORY: You're familiar
with Dr. Eben Alexander?
>>ROBINETT: Yes.
>>NOORY: OK.
He's been on "Beyond
Belief" with me.
And he had an
after-death experience
and is a staunch believer
in reincarnation.
>> A lot of the evidence that I
now put out and that we discuss
in "Living in a
Mindful Universe"
has to do with reincarnation.
Now, although most materialist
scientists will say,
well, wait a minute.
Brain creates consciousness, so
you can't have reincarnation.
There's no way for any sense
of memory to go from one life
to the next.
Well, that is not true.
The scientific evidence out
of the University of Virginia,
work over more
than five decades,
beginning with
Dr. Ian Stevenson,
a very respected psychiatrist
who studied past-life memories
in children, that
he fully expected
to basically debunk or explain
as a typical materialist
scientist.
But then he found there
are these cases where
he couldn't do that.
>> It wasn't imagination?
>> It was not imagination.
And they would track
these cases down.
They pay attention to children
because children are much less
likely to be influenced and have
other sources of information
that they could try and
use to deceive people.
But in the UVA database, they
have more than 2,700 cases
of past-life
memories in children
where the best explanation
is really of reincarnation.
The thing that is most
striking about their database
is that 35% of those
2,700 cases, the child
has a birthmark that
corresponds to the mortal wound
of the prior life.
Now, that is a mind
bender when you understand
the implications of that.
Dr. Ian Stevenson
started that work.
Dr. Jim Tucker, a very
respected child psychiatrist,
is carrying on that work.
He's the current head of
division or perceptual
studies at UVA.
But once you start
realizing that all
that reincarnation information
is real and scientifically
validated, it
becomes quite obvious
that you shouldn't be looking
for memory in the brain.
>>NOORY: That is amazing that
let's say somebody got shot
in another life and died.
They may have some kind
of mark on their body
where that wound was.
>>ROBINETT: I was always
petrified of fire.
Since I was a baby--
>>NOORY: You must
have died in a fire--
>>ROBINETT: I am so afraid.
You're so afraid of candles
and fireplaces and anything.
I would scream.
And when my daughter was
all of two years old,
we were sitting
down, playing a game.
And she said, mom,
do you remember
when you died in that fire?
And I'm like, no,
can't say that I do.
And she lifted her hair up.
And on the back, she's
got a strawberry mark
on the back of her neck that
she didn't even know she had.
She's two.
And she said, this is
where I was burned.
And it all made sense.
>>NOORY: Scary, though.
>>ROBINETT: Scary.
Absolutely.
>>NOORY: To know what they went
through in that other life.
>>ROBINETT: But
it's also reassuring
to know that a lot of
our fears that we have
are based on
past-life experiences.
And that way, we can work
through them in this lifetime
so that we don't tune
into those fears.
>>NOORY: What is an
old soul, Kristy?
>>ROBINETT: Somebody
who's been reincarnated.
>>NOORY: Many times?
>>ROBINETT: Somebody
that's lived before.
>>NOORY: See, I don't I don't
understand when people talk--
I've always thought
reincarnation was reaching
a level of perfection--
call it "heaven" that you
don't come back anymore.
You don't have to reincarnate.
But I've never
believed people who
say that they've had 500 lives.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah, I'm
not too sure about that.
>>NOORY: I don't think
you need that many, right?
>>ROBINETT: I'm not so sure.
In fact, I had somebody recently
who said, I've had 37 lives.
And I go, well, where
did you get that number?
And she goes, a medium told me.
And I go, that's like somebody
just drawing something out
of a hat and saying, that's
how many lives you've had.
I think that we have a few.
And in particular, I
have a great story,
which I won't bore you with.
But I ended up finding my
grave from a past life.
>>NOORY: Bore me with that.
You found your grave?
>>ROBINETT: I did.
>>NOORY: How did that happen?
>>ROBINETT: So years
ago, I was single.
And I went out on a blind
date with a gentleman, who's
now my husband.
>>NOORY: OK.
I met him-- nice guy.
>>ROBINETT: He's a great guy.
And I was just
between houses, and I
had a bunny rabbit, a real
bunny rabbit, in my basement.
And I said, do you want to
come see my bunny rabbit?
That wasn't cue for
anything, by the way.
>>NOORY: What a line
that was, Kristy.
And he fell for it.
>>ROBINETT: He did.
And he was probably
really disappointed
that I really had a bunny
rabbit in my basement,
>>NOORY: Darn.
>>ROBINETT: But I
said, this is Ginger.
And he looked to the side, and
I had a large painting there,
because that's not
where I was staying.
So I didn't put it up.
And he said, where did you
get that painting from?
And I said, well, it's
always been in my family.
I've always felt an
affinity to this painting.
And he turned just ghost-white.
And he said, my whole family has
that same painting for years.
Since the 1800s,
they've passed it along.
And I said, well, it
came from a past life.
I know that I've got a
connection to that past life.
And I said, and my
last name was "Butler."
And he again--
>>NOORY: You were
that specific--
>>ROBINETT: Turned ghost-white.
And he said, the
family that passes down
that painting's last
name is "Butler."
>>NOORY: Is "Butler."
>>ROBINETT: And we
found our graves.
>>NOORY: Wow.
Was it weird looking
at your grave?
>>ROBINETT: It was weird.
It was weird.
He has two kids.
I have two kids.
We have a blended family.
And it was Charles
Butler and Sarah Butler.
And I always wanted my parents
to call me "Sarah," always.
And they said, well, when you're
18, we'll change your name.
I'm like, well, now, I'm 18.
Everyone knows me by "Kristy."
So I'm not going to do that.
But they had four kids together.
And one of them
was the same name
that he had named his daughter.
>>NOORY: So you
believe that you're
at the end of your
reincarnated lives, right?
>>ROBINETT: I do.
>>NOORY: And my theory
is the mere fact
that we are talking
about this means
we're at a certain level of
reincarnation, far more than,
let's say, a few other
people who don't get this
or understand it.
>>ROBINETT: Well, think
back to the '70s and '80s,
when Shirley MacLaine
would talk about it.
And it would be
considered she's crazy.
And now, we talk about it,
even the old soul analogy,
the metaphor where
people understand it.
>>NOORY: Well, now, there
are TV shows on this.
>>ROBINETT: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Everything else
>>ROBINETT: There's so
much support now for it.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
There's a book that they call
the "Akashic records," which
is supposed to be a
record of our life.
Do they include all the lives
we've had or just that one?
>>ROBINETT: They
include all the lives.
We have a library of our
lives that we can tune into.
>>NOORY: Can we
access this book?
>>ROBINETT: We can.
>>NOORY: How do we do that?
>>ROBINETT: Meditation.
Meditation's a great way for us
to tune in to the other side,
to our loved ones.
>>NOORY: Do we want
to read this book?
>>ROBINETT: I think
a lot of times,
people are so caught
up in not knowing
what their life purpose is.
They're so caught
up in what next.
I'm not doing what I'm
supposed to be doing.
And reading your
book of your life,
which also has a free will--
it can be erased, and
it can be rewritten--
gives you a guideline.
And I think that sometimes,
we need that guideline.
We need an outline, especially
when we're feeling lost.
>>NOORY: Does it
show your future?
>>ROBINETT: It
shows you the future
according to the different
paths that you take.
So if you're down the
path, if you're miserable
and you're down
that miserable path
and you're not
making any changes,
it may very well show
you a miserable ending.
If you're open to going
down a different road,
it will show that
to you, as well.
>>NOORY: Are you glad you
have this gift of mediumship?
>>ROBINETT: For a long time,
I thought I was cursed.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>ROBINETT: Long time,
thought it was a curse.
Even a couple years ago, I
was having death threats.
And we ended up having to move.
>>NOORY: From people?
>>ROBINETT: From people.
>>NOORY: How was that
tied into your mediumship?
>>ROBINETT: I had a book that
came out that was about heaven.
And they were very offended--
>>NOORY: I see--
>>ROBINETT: That I was
talking about heaven.
>>NOORY: And they
made death threats.
Did you get the cops after them?
>>ROBINETT: I had events.
And that whole season, I had to
have undercover police with me.
>>NOORY: Just in case.
>>ROBINETT: Just in case, which
was crazy that we had to waste
taxpayer money because I had--
and it was legitimate
death threats.
They were going
to set me on fire.
>>NOORY: Did you
know who they were?
>>ROBINETT: Did not,
but they did show up
at one of my events.
>>NOORY: Did you
have them arrested?
>>ROBINETT: They
did not do anything.
>>NOORY: Just you
couldn't do anything.
>>ROBINETT: Yeah.
And you can't convert a skeptic.
You can't make somebody
who doesn't want to believe
a believer if they're not open.
>>NOORY: What did he think,
you were a witch or something?
>>ROBINETT: That's
what I kept saying.
It was like the Salem witch
trials all over again.
He threatened to-- they.
There were several of them.
And they were middle-aged men.
They weren't 20 years old.
>>NOORY: Were they fanatics?
>>ROBINETT: I think that--
I don't think so.
I think that sometimes,
people get afraid of what
they don't understand.
And if they're not
open to understanding
and they're so caught up in
what they believe is the truth,
then they try to snuff
out the things that make
them have to learn differently.
>>NOORY: Are you glad you
have this ability now?
>>ROBINETT: I am.
>>NOORY: Would you
ever give it away?
>>ROBINETT: No.
Absolutely not.
>>NOORY: Where does
it take you next?
What's next for Kristy Robinett?
>>ROBINETT: I love to write.
I love to help.
I love to heal.
I think I'm on my path, and
I'm really grateful for that.
>>NOORY: And if you had
a spirit that came to you
and needed help and assistance,
you'd be there like that?
>>ROBINETT: Absolutely.
That's what my life path is.
>>NOORY: Kristy, for people
who want to track your work,
how do they find you?
>>ROBINETT: I'm at
kristyrobinett.com.
And all my books are available
on Amazon, Barnes and Noble,
anywhere books are sold.
>>NOORY: You're
God-given, aren't you?
>>ROBINETT: I hope so.
>>NOORY: Thanks for
being on "Beyond Belief."
>>ROBINETT: Thank
you for having me.
>>NOORY: What an amazing
gift, the ability
to communicate with souls that
have departed and helping them.
I'm George Noory, and thanks
for being on "Beyond Belief."
[MUSIC PLAYING]